---
title: My blog
layout: post
author: krister.hughes
permalink: /my-blog/
source-id: 1LpGDPBV-8V3DKVNgAYhOq0G7M7pLSP2xtE3Cpl5RRbM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>My blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>07/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I  started by LISTENING to the teacher then I used gabriel and ctrl c and ctrl v to get the code right onto the page correctly and not fail.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get  the code into the page without my blog failing </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes although I struggled</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The ctrl c and v was a time gainer and  I learnt lots about coding I never knew.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This requires lots and lots of filler text. That filler text should be written in your own jaunty style. Consider it an act of creative writing as well as the other necessities. 
Write about what you did, but more important to write about is what you LEARNED! This could be about design, interfaces and appearance, just as much as core subject matter like the code. 
Remember to reflect on the learning habits you have used, how they applied or how they were disrupted.
Don't write about what you were taught, focus on what you have learned.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This requires lots and lots of filler text. That filler text should be written in your own jaunty style. Consider it an act of creative writing as well as the other necessities. 
Write about what you did, but more important to write about is what you LEARNED! This could be about design, interfaces and appearance, just as much as core subject matter like the code. 
Remember to reflect on the learning habits you have used, how they applied or how they were disrupted.
Don’t write about what you were taught, focus on what you have learned.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


